Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Yes. hello?
You're finally out.
Where are you now?
I'm on my way to see you today.
Why?
I'm at the hospital.
What's wrong?
I have a baby.
What?
Oh. sorry.
Oh. nothing.
I've decided to break up with him.
What should I do?
I can't decide.
I've been telling you.
I'm a child.
My teacher told me I should.
I have to contact him.
Are you listening?
Yes.
What should I do?
I'm sorry.
Are you all right?
I'm all right.
Where's the hospital?
I'll try to find a job.
You don't have to.
No?
I've decided.
What should I do?
Sorry.
I can't hear you.
Hello?
Maybe the phone is not working.
Oh. it's not this way.
I can't hear you.
I 'm such a fool.
I
can 't hear you.
I can't hear you.
I can 't hear you.
We do not forget to make sure to return
now.
Do not leave if you don't find a prior 범
Do not
return if you do not find a prior 범 That
bloodpool
...
Excuse me. where is the exit to the 8th
floor?
No. I can't find it.
No...
I have to find the exit.
The exit is over there.
Yes...
Local photos...
Mister...
I have a part-time job this week.
Do you have a ticket to the subway?
Part-time job... ID photo.
..
What the hell?
Exit 8... The
dentist... The doctor...
Local photos... Mister...
The beauty clinic...
Mister... No...
The exit is 8th.
..
The dentist... The dentist...
Local photos...
The beauty clinic...
Mister...
I have a part-time job this week.
A part-time job.
Let's get closer.
A rice cooker...
Fire extinguisher.
Door... Door.
Admission...
Door.
Admission.
eight exits.
Yes. let's do it.
Good.
Firetruck.
Fire extinguisher.
Eight exits.
A doctor. a painter. a legal expert.
a medical clinic. a man. a part-time job.
a neighbor. a crime scene camera.
a fire extinguisher. a door...
I can't do this.
The first line... The
door... The door... Yes?
No?
Hello?
Where are you?
I'm still in the basement.
I've been going around the same place all
the time.
I can't get out.
You're still a hooligan.
No.
But I'll be there soon.
I...
I can't decide.
Today...
when I was on the subway...
there was a guy who was crying and hugging
a baby.
But...
no one was helping him.
He was just looking at his phone.
Pretending not to see it.
He fell down.
We fell down too.
I wonder if...
he can be a doctor.
I have to get out of here.
I found the exit.
I'll be there soon.
Starting now.
I didn't let this go to him.
The key...
is a big...
InSight...
maybe...
all of us...
got through to... our kingdom...
and we just.
.
I'm not human.
I did it!
Let's go!
Lesson 2.
Again. the fire extinguisher.
Alright.
1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7.
6...6...12...3...4... 5...6...7...8...9
...11...12...3...4...5...6...7... 11... 12...
3... 4... 5... 6... 7...
Gar bage... A photo... anything.
hey.
Anything?
I can't tell if you're keeping silence.
Sorry.
I was scary.
Let's go.
Look at me.
One.
Two.
Three.
What?
Could it be...
that you 're lost?
I can't go out.
If you don't mind. can I stay with you?
Of course.
This girl seems to be lost. just like us.
Is that so?
Yes.
Where on earth is this place?
Let's see.
This place is...
Could it be...
that we are... already dead?
What?
Hell?
Is it like... you can't go out
because you did something wrong?
Hell?
Is it like...
something bad happened?
No.
It's like... it's like...
It's just a joke!
It's just an underground tunnel.
Let's go.
Did something happen?
If it's not...
There are people walking from the other
side. aren't there?
Look. it's a man.
An old man.
An old man?
He's definitely in trouble. isn't he?
What's going on?
He's not coming this time. is he?
Is this something wrong?
Hey. do you really want to go back?
What?
Wouldn't it be better to stay here?
Every day. you go to
work on a crowded train
and repeat the same
thing over and over again.
That's more like hell.
I feel sorry for you.
I feel sorry for you?
Wait... Every day. you go
to work on a crowded train
and repeat the same
thing That's more like hell.
I feel sorry for you.
Wait... Hey!
Every day. you go to
work on a crowded train
and repeat the same
thing over and over again.
That's more like...
But What's wrong with you?
Hey.
Are you all right?
Hey!
What's wrong?
What?
Awaizu!
You take the train every day and go to
work. and then you go to work.
and then you go to work. and then you go
to work. and then you go to work.
and then you go to work.
and then you go to
work. and then you go to
work. and then you go
to work. I can 't do this.
What happened?
Are you still scared?
It's all right.
Let's go.
17.
trash. ID photo.
No house.
What happened?
You bastard.
I'm in trouble.
I haven't seen you in a long time.
You bastard.
And this.
I'm out.
Come on.
Alone.
The
fire extinguisher.
I'm not going.
ID photo.
No house.
No ID photo.
Let's start over.
Exit 8.
A dentist.
A doctor.
A local doctor.
An old man.
A beauty clinic.
A part-time job.
There's a basement.
An exhaust pipe.
And this?
This is...
different.
It's in the house.
Wait. it's in the house.
He's
not in the house.
It 's the same.
Exit 8.
A doctor.
The doctor...
The legal officer...
The old man...
The beauty clinic... The part-time
job... The subway... The food camera...
The fire extinguisher...
Door... Door... Yes. the door...
Nothing to say... Da eg u-ji...
Iguyo.
Igen-jo.
What's that?
Daegu-ji...
I'm sorry.
What are you saying?
Mama?
Wait a minute.
That's not mama.
It's not mama.
Let me go.
Stop it.
No.
It's not mama.
Go away.
It 's not mama.
What should I do?
Are you okay?
Did you break up with mama?
We became another child.
Why?
I want mama to find me.
You're lying.
I've done it before.
Are you scared of mama?
I'm scared when I get angry.
Maybe mama is like that.
I
've never done it.
Are you with me?
You
have to go back to mama.
You have to go back to mama.
You can't go back.
Okay.
Let's go.
The exit is over there.
The other side.
Three more.
The exit is over there.
Okay.
The doctor.
The train.
The legal office.
Please.
Sir.
There's part-time job job in the next
week.
There's subway tickets.
What if I get out of here?
Pizza.
Pizza?
I want to eat a lot of cheese.
Oh.
Fine.
I don't
know what to do anymore.
Isn't it beautiful?
I'll give it to you.
What?
I'll protect you.
Thank you.
Okay. two more.
Reiguchi Hachi.
Okay.
Aisha.
Esha.
Shihoshoshi.
Okay.
Oji-san.
A beauty clinic.
A part-time job.
A housewife.
A camera.
Okay.
A fire extinguisher.
A door.
Wow. it's so wet.
It's true.
What are you going to do?
Huh?
You're being called.
Hang in there. Papa.
Sometimes... Yeah?
I don't know...
if this is right.
No one knows...
what's right or wrong.
But it's okay.
You'll protect that girl.
That girl will also...
protect you one day.
Huh?
What?
Yeah.
That's beautiful.
Then. let's make this an amulet.
What am I supposed to protect?
Papa. an amulet.
Huh?
An amulet.
Sounds good.
Okay.
Then. let's go play.
Let's go.
Deguchi Hachi.
A dentist.
A doctor.
A psychiatrist.
Oji-san.
A beauty clinic.
A part-time job.
A subway man.
A fire extinguisher.
A exhaust pipe.
A drone.
Oji-san.
A blanket.
A cup.
A certificate.
A house.
Hello?
Where are you?
I'm at the hospital.
From now on. I'm going there.
What are you going to do?
Yeah.
I'm going right away.
Shut up!
You're all bothering me.
I'm your mother.
Hurry up and cry!
Come
on!
Come on!
No time to give up now!
She's coming!
I 'm not just a little dog.
You don't have to be quite.
Listen to
me!
You must not be so small...
but join the train Friends!
You're not friends!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm